README.md, before:

rackspace_holland Cookbook
==========================
TODO: Enter the cookbook description here.

e.g.
This cookbook makes your favorite breakfast sandwich.

Requirements
------------
TODO: List your cookbook requirements. Be sure to include any requirements this cookbook has on platforms, libraries, other cookbooks, packages, operating systems, etc.

e.g.
#### packages
- `toaster` - rackspace_holland needs toaster to brown your bagel.

Attributes
----------
TODO: List you cookbook attributes here.

e.g.
#### rackspace_holland::default
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Key</th>
    <th>Type</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><tt>['rackspace_holland']['bacon']</tt></td>
    <td>Boolean</td>
    <td>whether to include bacon</td>
    <td><tt>true</tt></td>
  </tr>
</table>

Usage
-----
#### rackspace_holland::default
TODO: Write usage instructions for each cookbook.

e.g.
Just include `rackspace_holland` in your node's `run_list`:

```json
{
  "name":"my_node",
  "run_list": [
    "recipe[rackspace_holland]"
  ]
}
```

Contributing
------------
TODO: (optional) If this is a public cookbook, detail the process for contributing. If this is a private cookbook, remove this section.

e.g.
1. Fork the repository on Github
2. Create a named feature branch (like `add_component_x`)
3. Write your change
4. Write tests for your change (if applicable)
5. Run the tests, ensuring they all pass
6. Submit a Pull Request using Github

License and Authors
-------------------
Authors: TODO: List authors

Commit message:

Add license and contributing info.

README.md, after:

rackspace_holland Cookbook
==========================
TODO: Enter the cookbook description here.

e.g.
This cookbook makes your favorite breakfast sandwich.

Requirements
------------
TODO: List your cookbook requirements. Be sure to include any requirements this cookbook has on platforms, libraries, other cookbooks, packages, operating systems, etc.

e.g.
#### packages
- `toaster` - rackspace_holland needs toaster to brown your bagel.

Attributes
----------
TODO: List you cookbook attributes here.

e.g.
#### rackspace_holland::default
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Key</th>
    <th>Type</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><tt>['rackspace_holland']['bacon']</tt></td>
    <td>Boolean</td>
    <td>whether to include bacon</td>
    <td><tt>true</tt></td>
  </tr>
</table>

Usage
-----
#### rackspace_holland::default
TODO: Write usage instructions for each cookbook.

e.g.
Just include `rackspace_holland` in your node's `run_list`:

```json
{
  "name":"my_node",
  "run_list": [
    "recipe[rackspace_holland]"
  ]
}
```

License & Authors
-----------------
- Author:: BK Box (<bk.box@rackspace.com>)
- Author:: Ted Neykov (<ted.neykov@rackspace.com>)

```text
Copyright:: 2014 Rackspace, US Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
